SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

Mechtro LLC, a Wyoming limited liability company (“Mechtro”), has provided or
will provide the Automatic Bag Ventilation Actuation ("AutoBVM") Prototype
Development Group ("AutoBVM") an executable version of the program source code
files that reference this document hereto (“Software”) in connection with
various software development and other services provided by Mechtro to Licensee.

THIS NON-EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AGREEMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SALE OR ASSIGNMENT OF
THE SOFTWARE. IT IS A GRANT OF PERMISSION TO UTILIZE THE SOFTWARE. THIS
AGREEMENT DOES NOT TRANSFER THE TITLE TO THE SOFTWARE AND THE LICENSEE DOES NOT
HAVE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE RIGHTS TO THE SOFTWARE.

The Software is made available by Mechtro to Licensee on the following terms:

1. Mechtro agrees to grant a nonexclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free
license without the right to sublicense to Licensee, and Licensee agrees to
utilize the Software for purposes internal to the Licensee only. Licensee agrees
to utilize the Software for use in connection with the AutoBVM project as part
of the COVID-19 relief effort. Licensee may make copies of the Software only for
internal archival or back-up purposes. Licensee agrees not to disclose, share or
distribute the Software to any person external to the Licensee without the prior
written permission of Mechtro. The term “Software” as used in this Agreement
shall mean all computer programs licensed under this Agreement, including all
related technical information, files, documentation, and other materials,
whether in whole or in part, including any and all modifications, derivative
works and copies of the foregoing, regardless of the form or media in or on
which they may exist.

2. The Software provided may be used in products for the AutoBVM project. It may
not be used outside of that project scope unless a separate license granting the
right to use the Software in such products or services is executed between
Mechtro and Licensee. Licensee agrees that it will not license, sub-license,
assign or sell the Software or any methodology, know-how, information or data
that incorporate any part of the Software, including derivative works thereof
(“Derivatives”), to any parties. Software is provided as a technology
demonstration and starting point. Licensee may modify and improve upon this
Software provided that the authorship and license notification are retained.

3. Licensee hereby acknowledges that the Software is made available to Licensee
only on the basis of this Agreement and subject to the terms and conditions
hereof, that Licensee retains all rights and title to the intellectual property
contained in the Software and that Licensee has not been granted any rights in
the Software other than as provided herein, including without limitation any
rights based on a work for hire or assignment basis which may have been rendered
by Mechtro or its principals to Licensee. All rights not specifically granted in
this Agreement, including federal and international copyrights, are reserved by
Mechtro.

4. Mechtro will consider all requests for a commercial, royalty-based license to
the Software, but shall be under no obligation to grant such license.

5. Licensee agrees that any person within the Licensee utilizing the Software
will be advised of, and is subject to, the conditions in the Agreement.

6. The Software is being licensed “as is”. The license of the Software does not
include any technical support.

7. NO WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER, INDEMNITY: THE SOFTWARE AND/OR RELATED MATERIALS ARE
PROVIDED “AS-IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF
PERFORMANCE OR MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE OR PURPOSE OR FOR
ANY PURPOSE WHATSOEVER. IN NO EVENT SHALL MECHTRO BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES
AND/OR COSTS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING ECONOMIC DAMAGE OR INJURY TO PROPERTY AND LOST PROFITS,
REGARDLESS OF WHETHER MECHTRO SHALL BE ADVISED, HAVE REASON TO KNOW, OR IN FACT
SHALL KNOW OF THE POSSIBILITY. LICENSEE BEARS ALL RISK RELATING TO QUALITY AND
PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE AND/OR RELATED MATERIALS, AND AGREES TO INDEMNIFY
MECHTRO FOR ALL THIRD-PARTY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM THE ACTIONS OF LICENSEE IN THE
USE OF THE SOFTWARE. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED FOR THE PURPOSES OF TECHNOLOGY
DEMONSTRATION AND CARRIES NO CERTIFICATIONS OR PROMISES OF SUITABILITY. IT IS
THE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE USER TO IMPROVE THE IMPLEMENTATION AND CERTIFY FOR ANY
SPECIFIC USE CASE.

8. The Agreement covers the use described in Section 1 above. All other uses of
the Software by the Licensee must be approved in advance by Mechtro in writing.

9. All right, title, and interest in and to all data, information, and
inventions that result from use of the Software by the Licensee shall vest in
and belong to the Licensee. Licensee agrees to provide Mechtro with copies of
any inventions, developments, documentation, products and services of Licensee
that reference the Software, and to acknowledge Mechtro as the author and owner
of the Software.

10. The laws of the State of Wyoming, in the United States of America, will
govern this Agreement.

11. Licensee and Mechtro agree that the exclusive remedy for all disputes and
claims relating in any way to, or arising out of, this Agreement, or Licensee’s
use of the Software, (including the arbitrability of any claim or dispute and
the enforceability of this paragraph), or to any other alleged act or omission
by Licensee or Mechtro toward the other, shall be final and binding arbitration.
The arbitration shall be conducted under the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the
American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) before a single arbitrator and
conducted in Casper, State of Wyoming, the United States of America
pursuant to the laws of the State of Wyoming.

12. This Agreement will expire at the end of the FDA Emergency Use Authorization
("EAU") , which was issued March 27, 2020 as part of the COVID-19 response.

13. This Agreement may not be altered, supplemented or amended by the use of any
other document(s) unless otherwise agreed to in a separate written agreement
signed by both Licensee and Mechtro.

14. Licensee may not assign, sell, transfer, delegate or otherwise dispose of
this Agreement, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, by operation of law or
otherwise. Any purported assignment, transfer or delegation by you will be null
and void. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement will be binding upon and will
inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and assigns.

15. Paragraphs 3 through 14 will survive termination or expiration of this
Agreement.
